update and reorganize readme for widgets, update ROI commands (#202)
leanprover/vscode-lean: README.md

* Region of interest checking (i.e. control how much of the project is checked automatically by Lean)
<!--- TODO(Bryan): fix this or remove it
* Type of the term under the cursor can be displayed in the status bar --->

### Lean editing features

* Customizable Unicode input support (e.g. type `\la`+<kbd>tab</kbd> to input `λ`)
* Fill in `{! !}` holes (also `_` holes in Lean 3.16.0c and later) with the [code actions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/refactoring#_code-actions-quick-fixes-and-refactorings) menu (<kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>.</kbd>)
* Tactic suggestions (tactics which suggest edits with a "Try this:" message) can be applied either with a keyboard shortcut (<kbd>alt</kbd>+<kbd>v</kbd>), by clicking on the info view message, or via code actions (<kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>.</kbd>)

### Info view panel

The info view panel is essential to working interactively with Lean. It shows:
- tactic state widgets, with context information (hypotheses, goals) at each point in a proof / definition,
  - (in Lean 3.15.0c and newer) "expected type" widgets display the context for subterms.

>   - (in Lean 3.150c and newer) the types of subterms in the context can be inspected interactively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (in Lean 3.15.0c and newer) the types of subterms in the context can be inspected interactively.
```

    * `lean.roiMode.linesAndAbove` (Lean: Check visible lines and above): automatically check all visible lines and lines above them.

    * `lean.roiMode.openFiles` (Lean: Check Open Files): automatically check all opened files.

    * `lean.roiMode.projectFiles` (Lean: Check Project Files): automatically check all files in the workspace.

  </details>

* `lean.batchExecute` (Lean: Batch Execute File): execute the current file using Lean (bound to <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>r</kbd> by default)

### Editing commands

* `lean.input.convert` (Lean: Input: Convert Current Abbreviation): converts the current Unicode abbreviation (bound to <kbd>tab</kbd> by default)

* `lean.pasteTacticSuggestion`: if any tactic suggestions (i.e. tactics which return a "Try this:" in their output) are active for the code under the cursor, apply the first suggested edit. (bound to <kbd>alt</kbd>+<kbd>v</kbd> by defaullt)

### Info view commands

* `lean.displayGoal` (Lean: Info View: Display Goal): open the info view panel (bound to <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> by default)

> * `lean.displayList` (Lean: Info View: Expand "All Messages"): expand the "All messages" widget in the info view (bound to <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>alt</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lean.displayList` (Lean: Info View: Toggle "All Messages"): toggles the "All messages" widget in the info view (bound to <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>alt</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> by default)
```
